README.md, before:

# codex

Codex provides a historical context about devices connected to [XMiDT](https://github.com/Comcast/xmidt).

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/xmidt-org/codex-deploy.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/xmidt-org/codex-deploy)
[![codecov.io](http://codecov.io/github/xmidt-org/codex-deploy/coverage.svg?branch=master)](http://codecov.io/github/xmidt-org/codex-deploy?branch=master)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/xmidt-org/codex-deploy/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/xmidt-org/codex-deploy)
[![Issue Count](https://codeclimate.com/github/xmidt-org/codex-deploy/badges/issue_count.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/xmidt-org/codex-deploy)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/xmidt-org/codex-deploy)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/xmidt-org/codex-deploy)
[![Apache V2 License](http://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%20V2-blue.svg)](https://github.com/xmidt-org/codex-deploy/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/xmidt-org/codex-deploy.svg)](CHANGELOG.md)

## Summary

Codex accepts incoming events, stores them in a postgres database, and 
provides event information by device id.  This repo is a library of packages 
used to implement codex.

## Table of Contents

- [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
- [The Pieces](#the-pieces)
- [Install](#install)
- [Deploy](#deploy)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## Code of Conduct

This project and everyone participating in it are governed by the [XMiDT Code Of Conduct](https://xmidt.io/code_of_conduct/). 
By participating, you agree to this Code.

## The Pieces

<img src="./docs/images/flow.png" width=720 />

* **Database:** Any postgres database will work.  In `deploy/`, cockroachdb is 
  used.  The services connect to the database using the [codex-db](https://github.com/xmidt-org/codex-db) 
  library.
* **[Svalinn](https://github.com/xmidt-org/svalinn):** Registers to an 
  endpoint to receive events (Optional).  Has an endpoint that receives events
  as [WRP Messages](https://github.com/xmidt-org/wrp-c/wiki/Web-Routing-Protocol),
  parses them, and inserts them into the database.
* **[Gungnir](https://github.com/xmidt-org/gungnir):** Has endpoints that 
  provide device information from the database.
* **[Fenrir](https://github.com/xmidt-org/fenrir):** Deletes old records 
  from the database at an interval.

## Install
This repo is a library of packages used for the codex project.  There is no 
installation.  To install each service, go to their respective READMEs.

## Deploy
for deploying the project in Docker, refer to the deploy [README](deploy/README.md).

## Contributing
Refer to [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

Commit message:

Updated the piece (#102)
I have update the pieces to include Heimdall.  I am currently working on the image and will submit that change tomorrow.

README.md, after:

# codex

Codex provides a historical context about devices connected to [XMiDT](https://github.com/Comcast/xmidt).

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/xmidt-org/codex-deploy.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/xmidt-org/codex-deploy)
[![codecov.io](http://codecov.io/github/xmidt-org/codex-deploy/coverage.svg?branch=master)](http://codecov.io/github/xmidt-org/codex-deploy?branch=master)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/xmidt-org/codex-deploy/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/xmidt-org/codex-deploy)
[![Issue Count](https://codeclimate.com/github/xmidt-org/codex-deploy/badges/issue_count.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/xmidt-org/codex-deploy)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/xmidt-org/codex-deploy)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/xmidt-org/codex-deploy)
[![Apache V2 License](http://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%20V2-blue.svg)](https://github.com/xmidt-org/codex-deploy/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/xmidt-org/codex-deploy.svg)](CHANGELOG.md)

## Summary

Codex accepts incoming events, stores them in a postgres database, and 
provides event information by device id.  This repo is a library of packages 
used to implement codex.

## Table of Contents

- [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
- [The Pieces](#the-pieces)
- [Install](#install)
- [Deploy](#deploy)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## Code of Conduct

This project and everyone participating in it are governed by the [XMiDT Code Of Conduct](https://xmidt.io/code_of_conduct/). 
By participating, you agree to this Code.

## The Pieces

<img src="./docs/images/flow.png" width=720 />

* **Database:** Any postgres database will work.  In `deploy/`, cockroachdb is 
  used.  The services connect to the database using the [codex-db](https://github.com/xmidt-org/codex-db) 
  library.
* **[Svalinn](https://github.com/xmidt-org/svalinn):** Registers to an 
  endpoint to receive events (Optional).  Has an endpoint that receives events
  as [WRP Messages](https://github.com/xmidt-org/wrp-c/wiki/Web-Routing-Protocol),
  parses them, and inserts them into the database.
* **[Gungnir](https://github.com/xmidt-org/gungnir):** Has endpoints that 
  provide device information from the database.
* **[Fenrir](https://github.com/xmidt-org/fenrir):** Deletes old records 
  from the database at an interval.
* **[Heimdall](https://github.com/xmidt-org/heimdall):** A consumer of Codex (sends requests to Gungnir) but also requests directly to the database to get a list of device IDs.

## Install
This repo is a library of packages used for the codex project.  There is no 
installation.  To install each service, go to their respective READMEs.

## Deploy
for deploying the project in Docker, refer to the deploy [README](deploy/README.md).

## Contributing
Refer to [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).
